fix: run `reroute` in a middleware function before split functions (#16590)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/mighty-groups-taste.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': minor
---

> feat: add `applyReroute` and `builder.getReroutePath` helpers for running `reroute` in a middleware before the main handler

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sure about this API. It's called `getReroutePath` but it returns a path to the universal `hooks.js` file which also includes `transport` (and whatever else we add in future) so at the very least it should be named `getUniversalHooksPath` or something.

But we probably only want to expose the reroute logic, which leaves me wondering if it makes sense to do something like this instead:

```js
import { applyReroute } from 'WHATEVER';

export default function middleware(request) {
	return applyReroute(request);
}
```

Author: Mm would it be a good idea to have a `builder.generateReroute()` which bundles up the `reroute` logic and returns a string instead of writing to disk? and it returns `undefined` if the adapter doesn't need to care about `reroute`?

Author: Notes:
- [ ] add a `builder.hasRerouteHook()` method similar to `builder.hasServerInstrumentation()`
- [ ] `builder.generateRerouteModule(filepath)` should write to disk similar to other generate methods

> feat: add `applyReroute` and `builder.getReroutePath` helpers for running `reroute` in a middleware before the main handler

Author: ```suggestion
feat: add `builder.hasRerouteHook` and `builder.generateRerouteModule` helpers for running `reroute` in a middleware before the main handler
```
